chore(docs): Update Prisma guide to use v2.0 (#2501)
cerbos/cerbos: docs/modules/recipes/pages/orm/prisma/index.adoc

include::ROOT:partial$attributes.adoc[]

[#tutorial-orm-prisma]
= Tutorial: Using Cerbos with Prisma for fine-grained authorization

include::ROOT:partial$version-check.adoc[]

:page-aliases: tutorials:orm/prisma/index.adoc

> https://prisma.io[Prisma] is a powerful ORM for modern Node.js applications. The Cerbos Prisma query plan adapter provides a powerful integration that effortlessly converts Cerbos xref:api:index.adoc#resources-query-plan[query plan] responses into Prisma queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://prisma.io[Prisma] is a powerful ORM for modern Node.js applications. The Cerbos Prisma query plan adapter converts Cerbos xref:api:index.adoc#resources-query-plan[query plan] responses into Prisma queries.
```

> https://prisma.io[Prisma]  is a powerful ORM for modern Node.js applications, and Cerbos provides a robust authorization layer that simplifies role-based access control (RBAC) and attribute-based access control (ABAC). With the latest Cerbos Prisma Query Plan Adapter, integrating dynamic authorization rules into your Prisma queries is easier than ever.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
https://prisma.io[Prisma] is a powerful ORM for modern Node.js applications. The Cerbos Prisma query plan adapter provides a powerful integration that effortlessly converts Cerbos xref:api:index.adoc#resources-query-plan[query plan] responses into Prisma queries.
```
